[Music]
there are two ways to lead your life
one is being carefree another one is
being careful
as we grow and transition into various
stages of our lives
we carefully plan and provide for our
future needs
gradually
we set aside some of the most cherished
desires and passions to be pursued in
the golden earings of our lives
the beginning of the most awaited phase
but it may also bring with itself a host
of health concerns too
but now you can bid goodbye to concerns
and live with confidence
at icici lombard we have created a
healthcare solution for your golden
innings
[Music]
presenting icici lombard golden shield
with this holistic healthcare offering
your health concerns
won't be a hindrance in living life to
the fullest after you turn 56
with lifetime renewals
reset benefit
and a care management program
golden shield fulfills all health needs
of seniors
stay worry free with extensive coverage
of hospitalization expenses of the
insured person after the annual sum in
short
the day care procedures or treatments
are also covered
the pre-existing disease waiting period
is comparatively planned and ensures
seamless coverage
domiciliary treatment is also covered
under this policy
get coverage for medical expenses on
home care treatment up to five percent
of annual sum insured medical expenses
incurred in respect of inpatient ayush
are also covered
medical expenses incurred for an organ
donors hospitalization for harvesting of
organ donated up to rupees 10 lakh we
also provide coverage for domestic road
ambulance services to one percent of
annual sum in short and maximum of
rupees 10 000
air ambulance expenses are also covered
walk to the annual sum limit
get coverage for modern medical
treatments during the policy period as
well
get a host of benefits that make this
policy the most attractive senior care
plan against the competition such as
reset benefit enhanced annual sum
insured for road traffic accidents
vaccination incentive
annual health checkup
and attractive policy tenure options you
also get a host of optional covers that
boost the protection and enhance your
peace of mind
what's more this policy comes with a
unique offering the care management
program which aims at providing
solutions focused on promoting overall
well-being of our customers